Copyright Notice
InCollege Copyright © 2022, InCollege Team

About
InCollege: Welcome to InCollege, the world's largest college student network with many users in many countries and territories worldwide

Accessibility
Here in inCollege, we aim to provide services and oppportunites to everyone while allowing users to communicate and access information freely without barriers. Our team is focused on delivering diverse options to a diverse population to tailor to you. The InCollege team also aims to include helpful auditory, visual, and cognitive options to make it your own.

User Agreement
The act of using this site implies that the user has agreed to comply with any existing user agreements. These agreements have been outlined in our Privacy Policy.

Privacy Policy
InCollege is a public application and immediately viewable and searchable by anyone around the world. We receive personal information from you when you create an account, upload content, or use our software. You can choose to share additional information with us, which we use to keep your account secure or show you more relevant content tailored to you. We use the content you've read, postings searched and other information to determine topics you are interested in, your age, the languages you speak, and other signals to show you more relevant content. If you have questions about this policy, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, contact our team at support@InCollege.com.

Cookie Policy
Cookies are used on InCollege to provide you with a better, faster and safer experience. They are also used to operate email communications and the InCollege feed. Specifically, cookies can be used to
- Keep you logged in.
- Save and honor your preferences.
- Personalize the content you see.
- Rate how our services perform and identify bugs.

Copyright Policy
InCollege can respong to copyright complaints submitted under the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA). Section 512 of the DMCA outlines the statutory requirements necessary for formally reporting copyright infringement, as well as providing instructions on how an affected party can appeal a removal by submitting a compliant counter-notice. Our team will respond to reports and allegations to ensure a user's protected work remains safe.

Brand Policy
This policy governs the use of all InCollege trademarks and logos for any purpose. Our team should be contacted whenever it is not clear whether a proposed use is permissible. In general:
- No trademark may be altered in any way or combined with other elements.
- You acknowledge all rights to the InCollege trademarks are the exclusive property of InCollege. You will not take any action that is in conflict with InCollege's rights in, or ownership of, the InCollege trademarks.